Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all doing today? Well, we're going to do another prayer video, so I hope y'all are ready.
In the last video, I think it went pretty well for not having done one of those in a while, but thank you for joining me.
To those that have watched the last one and want to pray again today, thank you again for joining me. This would be video number two.
I'm going to go over the things that the Lord showed me in prayer yesterday, what I was seeing in the spirit, for the people who didn't watch it or are new here.
I'm going to be praying over the elections and just whatever the Lord puts on my heart.
As I pray, He just said, 'Brandon, I want you to do 30 days of prayer videos up until the election.'Even after, I believe we'll pray even after.
There are some things that I'm seeing in the spirit that will have to be prayed even after the election is over, from what I've seen.
It just takes work, but I appreciate you all who want to work with me.
Okay, so this is what the Lord showed me yesterday. I saw a pipeline, like you see at a dam.
It was a metal pipeline that water was running through; a river, a stream was flowing through this brook, flowing through this pipeline.
But there were demonic blockages in people's lives that were like tree limbs and rocks, and they were the blackest, like onyx-looking color.
The darkest of the evil was trying to block the river from flowing freely.
Whenever I was standing up on the bank in the spirit, looking over this brook, the Lord said, 'Take authority over those blockages.'That's what I was praying over.
When I was praying in the spirit, I could see those tree limbs and the rocks, and they had yellow-looking cat eyes that were bright, neon yellow—a dark yellow, though.
They had a black center inside of the eye, and they were looking up at me on the bank, kind of like a serpent would look up.
It was watching, trying to remain disguised as they had a dam trying to block up the flow of the Holy Spirit in some people, trying to hinder them.
That's what part of the intercessory prayer that we were praying for yesterday was for—spiritual blockages to be released from the people that are praying with us.
Even me, I'll yield to the Holy Spirit. I want a free flow. I want more of Him and less of me.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
I'm telling you all, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
Part of what I saw yesterday was the Lord warning me about big gatherings again.
I was sent an email and even a text from a friend telling me, 'Hey, do you remember praying over Coachella?'I've been praying over Coachella, and the Lord will show me things way in advance over events trying to manifest, taking authority over them so they don't happen.
I saw mass shootings events happening at Coachella, and the Lord said, 'I want you to pray over this event that this does not take place.'I thought it was the concert event, and maybe it was; I don't know.
We hear in part and see in part. When you're looking through the filter of what the Lord's trying to tell you, you just keep praying.
I saw that dam and what the Lord was warning me about back in March of last year, and the Lord told me to start praying over this, that this was a serious thing to pray over.
Well, my friend sent me a text and said, 'Hey, Brandon, did you see that President Donald Trump was going to Coachella to hold a rally there?'I had no idea.
The things that you get in the spirit are warnings, and you try to put your own mind to it and get in trouble because you're thinking it's the concert.
All I know is that we pray. Whether it could be the presidential thing happening this weekend with the speech, I don't know.
All I know is the Lord warned me to pray over this stuff. Did it witness with me that this could be it?
Yeah, I thought it's more than likely it. I don't want to get in the flesh about it, but I'm being real.
There are certain things I know about October—to pray hedges of protection over President Trump, praying that there is no weapon formed against him that would prosper, or the bystanders, the people in the crowd.
We pray that all hidden things be revealed and that the enemy would not have any kind of open door for opportunity to rob anybody's life.
Then the Lord showed me stadiums again. When I was praying yesterday, I saw the stadiums again and I kept seeing New York.
I was praying over New York in these playoff games and the things happening with baseball.
I don't want to go into a lot of that, but I'm praying over the open stadiums.
I told you about drones and things like that; remember I warned you all about that?
I had my son make a short about it, and YouTube flagged it and made me alter some things.
Whatever, it's their platform. I just want to tell you all, we are making a difference.
I believe we've had over 20,000 people pray with me in that last video. I'm excited that you want to pray with me.
I don't want to keep rambling; I just have some things in my heart before I start praying.
It's exciting that we are joining together as an army and fighting off the wicked.
I could feel the push against the darkness when we were praying and the video was going forth throughout the whole world.
When you have 20,000 people praying—whether it's five minutes or the whole thing—it's like an auditorium or a huge stadium full of people praying in the spirit, asking the Father for His angelic protection and manifestation of glory.
When we pray together as a family, we're able to do great things together.
I want to take a moment and just give God thanks for what He's doing in these last days on a YouTube channel, that we have power and authority over the devil.
We're seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
I was listening to a revival; we were going to church and there is a healing revival going on right now.
She was talking about renewing your mind to the Word of God on a day-to-day basis because as soon as you get free, the enemy comes immediately to steal the Word.
He tries to steal the testimony of your healing or whatever you've been believing for.
You get your breakthrough and the enemy's already right there trying to take it from you.
The only way you're able to stand against the devil is by the Word of God.
It is the Sword of the Spirit and the Shield of Faith that quenches all the fiery darts of the wicked.
You need to have your sword and your shield up, ready to fight it off.
The Sword of the Spirit is the Word of Faith, and standing in faith quenches those fiery darts.
I just want to encourage you that we're not armorless, we're not defeated, and we're not broke, busted, and disgusted.
The Greater One lives on the inside of you, but you have to get a revelation knowledge of the Word of God inside of you.
It's not like reading a passage of scripture one time and bypassing it. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word of God.
If ye abide in Me and My words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
Dissect that: if you abide in Him and His words, the Bible, remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it will be done.
That's how your prayers are going to get answered in these last days.
If your prayers aren't getting answered and you don't see results, check your Word level. Check what you're meditating on.
The more you meditate on the Word and renew your mind, the more that Word gets down inside of you and becomes a rhema word, not just reading scripture.
I did that, and the Lord asked me, 'Now, what did you learn?'I said, 'I don't know if I learned anything.'He said, 'Then what good did it do you?'You have to understand the Word; you shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
You're wasting your time if you're just reading and getting nothing from it.
Find just a couple of scriptures and meditate on them all day long until they get down inside of your spirit and become real to you.
'Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.'Find those scriptures and write them on flashcards.
Write it down, make it plain. Whenever you have a break at work, pull out that flashcard. Put it on your rearview mirror or somewhere you can see it.
Let those words penetrate inside of you on a day-to-day basis, and the Word of God will change you.
It makes you alive and strong, and it feeds your spirit until you become a spiritual giant.
The devil hates that and is scared of it, but he's not scared of somebody who just reads something without getting revelation in it, thinking, 'Boy, I read my Bible today,'when it isn't doing you any good.
Unless you're getting it in you, understanding who you are and what He did for you, just keep washing in the water and renewing your mind.
The Lord challenged me, saying, 'Brandon, I need you to get in the Word even more.
I need you to memorize even more scripture.'He said, 'This is for you too.
Don't just listen to the preacher; get that Word more inside of you.'We're always going from glory to glory.
We're all a work in progress, whether you got born again yesterday or you've been in this for 50 years.
None of us have arrived. We're always on the potter's wheel until the day we go home.
Nobody has it all together, and if you think you do, God help you.
I'm a person who wants to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
I hope that helped you. You want to know why your prayers aren't getting answered?
Maybe your Word level's not filled up enough. The Word level is like a gas tank.
When the tank's full, the car runs good; the moment it's running on fumes, you're in trouble.
You're going to be on the side of the road hitchhiking, saying, 'I need help, AAA, whoever, come and fill my tank up.'I want to encourage you today to get in the Word.
Find scriptures for what you need. Maybe you have marriage problems, wayward children, or you're believing for unsaved loved ones.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you need—healing, deliverance, or whatever—and meditate on them.
Fill yourself up because the enemy will come immediately to try to take the Word of God from you. He doesn't want you to stay healed.
If you don't fill yourself up with the Word, he comes back with seven more of his buddies and they'll make it even worse.
The only way you maintain and keep your healing is by keeping yourself full of the Word.
Take that Sword of the Spirit and cut that devil up and say, 'No, you aren't stealing my healing again.
This was all paid for by His blood. You're not going to come into my house and rob my children or my finances.
I'm a tither, I'm a giver, I'm a sower, and I'm a believer.'Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law, and if He redeemed me, I'm not underneath that curse of poverty, lack, mental torments, depression, anxiety, or fear.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk free, and the only way you will be free is if you know the truth.
His Word is the truth. He set the captives free by the blood of the Lamb and the word of their testimony.
Let's take a moment right now; we're going to pray. Father, we thank You.
We thank You that our electric bills are paid. We thank You for our house note—it's paid off in full in Jesus'name.
Just let it flow out of you; just thank Him today. Oh Lord, we thank You.
You've been so good to us. It's real to us, Lord. We give You all the glory and honor.
Thank You for every need that I have, because You met it. Thank You for the roof over my head, the car I drive, and the clothes on my back.
Thank You for the food in my stomach and the air I'm breathing.
Thank You for everything You've provided, for You have been good to me.
Thank You, Jesus. Thank You that Megan is getting better every day.
Thank You that she has the mind of Christ. Thank You for a good marriage and for my children.
Thank You that we are all delivered and that we don't have bondage.
You've been so merciful and wonderful. Thank You that we're healed.
There are so many times we could have died or been in harm's way, and You protected us.
In the darkest hours and deepest valleys, You were there for me when it seemed all was lost.
Be grateful for all that you have. Thank You, Lord, for what You've already done.
Thank You that You saved my soul and that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
So Father, we come boldly before that throne today. We stand in the gap for the people.
There are a lot of people in harm's way right now with this hurricane.
Lord, You told me a great storm was coming. You said it would be devastating.
I told everybody this time last year that there's a massive hurricane coming on the East Coast.
I know some of that's spiritual, but this is serious in the natural.
You said in Your Word that we have authority over this storm—that we can speak to the storm and call it to dissipate.
So Father, we speak to this storm in the name of Jesus and we call you to go away.
We're not going to push you north or south; we take authority over this storm and say, 'We poke its eye out.'We call shear to break up that eyewall.
We say, in the name of Jesus Christ, you dissolve. If they're using chemicals to make it strong, we say stop it in the name of Jesus.
Let all hidden things be revealed. For they say this is the strongest hurricane in history, and I say no more.
Father, I thank You for divine intervention. I thank You that even people in the natural would use wisdom.
I've seen Fort Myers and the Tampa area; I thank You, Lord, that there is no loss of life.
I call for weakening over this system in Jesus'name. I thank You that it will not go inland and destroy all that land.
We call you to weaken in Jesus'name. Father, we just thank You for the presidential elections.
I thank You that all hidden things be revealed concerning voters—that there will be no fraudulent activities of any kind.
All hidden things be revealed. We pray over the Dominion machines and over all mail-in ballots.
I thank You, Father, that there is an uncovering of all hidden things in the next couple of weeks.
I pray a hedge of protection over President Trump right now when he goes to Coachella, that there are no mass casualties. There is no storm, no nothing that comes nigh this event.
The things that You showed me about the mass things that would try to take place there, we say in the name of Jesus, you will not do this.
There will be no terrorist activities and no calamity in the name of Jesus. We cover this event in the blood.
I thank You that Your angels are going before and protecting, even from the mountains.
No long-range shooting, no long-range snipers. We take authority over snipers and over people; let them be caught.
We plead the blood over these circumstances and thank You for the hedge of protection.
Father, we thank You that it'll be a clean, fair election in Jesus'name.
Every person who's alive and is a legal American citizen will vote.
I thank You that the blinders would come off their eyes so they would vote godly and righteous, putting in good laws for the land.
Father, You're not done with America. There's one last call, one last harvest. As it gets darker, the light will get lighter.
I call forth a revival in the church with Brush Arbor churches, a Brush Arbor revival, that the church would rise up.
Father, we call forth a great harvest of lost people out of the darkness and into the light. We send forth the laborers right now.
We call them forth—that people would be bold about their faith and that we would be the salt and light in these last days.
Let the light of the Lord shine upon our faces like it did Moses. Visit us once again, oh God.
Help us to stand out in a crowd so that when all hell is breaking loose, they would say, 'What's different about you?'It's not about how great we are, but about the One who lives on the inside of us.
As the dark's getting darker, the light's getting lighter on us.
When calamity hits, there's light in Goshen, and the people would run to the light.
Father, I thank You that they would go back to church, and when they do, they would get the truth—not some seeker-friendly, watered-down message.
Father, I thank You that You would burn in the pastors, teachers, and evangelists.
Raise up a new David in this hour, new warriors who are after Your own heart. We pray a fresh fire and fresh anointing on their lives.
We call fire to stir in them right now, a fresh living water on the inside of them.
Let them have a new wine, a new presence, a new flame. Be filled with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
We call for a great harvest of souls. Visit us one more time, Lord.
Have mercy on this generation. Stir up our pastors, prophets, teachers, and evangelists.
Bring them back to the altars and to repentance and holiness. Shake off the compromise.
Lord, use us once again for a great outpouring of Your Spirit.
You're not done with America, Australia, Africa, Asia, Europe, or South America. We call for revival.
We call for the blinders to be removed from people's eyes so they can see freely what Jesus has done.
I thank You, Lord, that judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I thank You for a fresh touch of the fire of judgment upon the churches to stir up the pastors and those who are lukewarm.
If they're not right, bring in a new one where there will be an outpouring of Your Spirit like we've never seen before.
Thank You, Lord, that I'll be one—send me. I speak to the people on the internet to warn them that Jesus is coming, to warn them to get their life in order.
The King is coming! I yell it from the mountaintops. Like Paul Revere riding in the dark warning that the British are coming, I ride in the midnight warning Your people that You are coming.
It's time to wake up. The ark is closing. Wake up, you lost people, for the King is coming.
The sun is setting on this dispensation of grace. Are you awake?
Have mercy on their souls, Lord. Wake them up. We pray over the lost.
Do it again, Lord. Anoint us with Your fire. We need a fresh touch of the fresh oil in our wineskins.
Thank You, Holy Spirit, that You abide in us. It is the goodness of God that draws men to repentance.
I pray for a revival in Israel. I call peace over Jerusalem. I thank You that they would see the error in their ways.
Visit Israel one last time and show this generation that You are real, just like You were to the children of Israel of old when You delivered them out of Egypt.
Visit them again and show them that You are 'I Am that I Am.'You said it to me before when I was in Your throne, and the foundation shook before my feet.
You are still 'I Am that I Am.'Visit us once again. Give us one more touch of Your fresh fire, one more drink of the living water.
I'll never get enough. I'll never stop knocking on Your door.
I knock and I knock, asking for the anointing. Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. Lord, thank You for that sign.
Now Father, we speak to the drought over the area and we call for rain in the name of Jesus.
Thank You for rain over Oklahoma, Texas, Missouri, and Kansas. The drought is broken in the name of Jesus.
We call in the Canadian air and the cooler temperatures—not freezing, but cooler.
We call in the low-pressure systems from the west. Bring rain! A fresh drink of Your water over our land.
We call for three inches at least of rain in the name of Jesus, breaking droughts over Lubbock, Pampa, Amarillo, Altus, Oklahoma City, Tulsa, Kansas City, and Wichita.
Thank You, Father. We call our lakes and ponds to fill up so we don't have fires.
We speak against the natural fires burning up people's land. Father, I thank You for a godly President.
I thank You that Kamala Harris would get born again and that Joe Biden would get radically born again.
No one is too lost that You can't save them. I pray that they would have an experience with You.
I lift them up and ask for mercy. I pray over Donald Trump, Father, for a radical conversion.
I'm looking for a president who is on fire for Jesus, who prays in tongues in the White House and confesses that Jesus Christ is Lord behind the podium.
We need someone with a backbone like a crowbar—boldness in faith and in what we stand for. We give You glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus'name.
Now, for all of you who say, 'What are you going to pray next?'I'm going to pray in tongues.
That's the language of the Spirit, like in Acts chapter 2. I'm going to pray in the spirit right now and see if the Lord wants to show me anything.
Father, I yield my body and spirit to You, that You pray through me in tongues.
Show me the direction of the Father's heart today. There are some of you out there who are believing for the baptism right now.
Receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit right now in the name of Jesus.
Now begin to speak with other tongues; He's not going to move your tongue for you, you've got to move your tongue.
There's a great revival coming for Africa. I see it. Hallelujah.
Oh Lord, we thank You for a fresh touch. I receive it now in Jesus'name. Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place.
Lord said to me, 'I want my people to have some joy in this journey.'Be happy and full of His joy, for in His presence there is fullness of joy.
In the days ahead, there shouldn't be dread. He wants to fill you with joy.
Put a song in your heart, singing and making melody unto the Lord with psalms and hymns.
All the lies told in your ears telling you God doesn't love you are lies.
I hear fresh revelation of the love of God on you today, for God is love.
Thank You for Your love for Your church and Your children. Come unto Me, and I will give you rest.
His yoke is easy and His burden is light. Thank You, Father, for the healing and restoration of minds.
We worship You today. The glory of the Lord is here. Jesus—there's just something about Your name. Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about Your name.
In this atmosphere, you can get anything—healing or deliverance. Reach up and just grab a hold of it by faith.
Say, 'I receive it now.'I can sense His mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
Reach out and say, 'It's mine, I take it now.'You just have to receive it.
I get lost in His presence. This is why people ask how long I pray.
It's just a lifestyle; you don't time God. You don't talk to the King that way.
You flow until He says you're released. Most people have no idea what a relationship is like.
You don't tell your spouse you're only going to talk for 15 minutes and then be done.
A relationship is not a time clock. It's real. That's where you see demonstrations and manifestations.
He inhabits the praises of His people. It's a river; you don't control a river.
The river is always flowing. The Holy Spirit is always flowing; He's not stagnant.
I think that's good for today. I appreciate every one of you who joined me.
I feel like we got some stuff accomplished today. Tomorrow we'll do it again.
I will set time aside to pray with you all for the election, the storms, and that Jesus becomes real to the people.
If you're new here, please like my video and subscribe. It helps with the algorithm.
Comment something nice down below. Click the notification bell.
God bless every single one of you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much. Have a wonderful day full of joy.
May the Lord bless you and keep you, may His face shine upon you, and give you peace. Goodbye.